Add important information about alternative text (#193)
ckeditor/ckeditor4-docs: docs/guide/dev/a11y/README.md

The following features can be used by developers to ensure that content created with CKEditor is accessible.

#### Support for the `alt` Attribute in Images

> All three of CKEditor 4's Image plugins offer support for the `alt` attribute. This is done through an "Alternative Text" prompt. If the prompt is left blank, the `alt` attribute will be `""`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All official CKEditor 4 image plugins offer support for adding alternative text through the `alt` attribute. This is achieved by using the "Alternative Text" field in the image dialog. If the field is left blank, the `alt` attribute will be empty (`""`).
```
